Hey, good morning family.
How are y'all doing today?
Well, praise the Lord.
I really appreciate you joining me.
I was sent some articles about what I saw regarding the cyber attacks, and people are sending me stuff saying, 'Brandon, we started looking into what you were talking about and the United States is using Windows 95 with the FAA.
' And I was like, 'Surely not.
' 30-year-old software.
Like, really?
I mean, so Braden started researching and making sure before I talk about it, you know, because you don't want to look off.
You want to make sure it's right.
They are using 1995 floppy disks, and they're trying to update it, and they're saying it's going to take at least four years because of how vast this system is and all the computers, and it's going to cost billions of dollars to renew the infrastructure of the FAA computer systems.
Billions is what they're saying.
So all that I was talking about and what the Lord showed me in my prayer time is legit.
Obviously, when you're using software from 1995, and it's 30-year-old software, and you're using computers with floppy disks, I mean, this is a major deal.
We're going into a new industrial revolution with 1995 software, with AI technology using quantum computers, and we have 1995 software with AI.
So obviously, when you have other countries being able to tap into the AI and hack into our infrastructure, it's probably not going to be that hard.
I wonder if they're using dial-up, you know?
I mean, and it's like, no, this is not cool.
And they're saying it could take up to four years, so that's all of President Trump's term, clear up past it.
I mean, that's a major deal.
So, that was part of it.
Then, right after that, we see the airlines that the Lord spoke to me about.
One was on fire and had to do an emergency landing in the middle of the air.
This is another sign of something that the Lord's trying to warn everybody about.
Right after I give you the word, not even 24 hours later, there's a plane and it's caught fire in the middle of the air, and it has to do an emergency landing, and you can see people filming it and it's burning and doing all this stuff.
And I thought, 'Lord, you're speaking so loud trying to warn your people to pray.
' You know, like I said, God has not called us to fear; He has called us to pray.
But He's warning us about things, telling us, 'Look, look, look, there's a problem here.
There's a problem there.
' And when I saw the plane falling out of the sky, you know, I don't know what caused that.
I was assuming cyber attacks, but how could you get to the plane and turn it off?
I have no idea.
All I know is I saw a plane; its dash went completely blank and it fell, and it was very dangerous.
I could tell you where it was leaving from.
It was leaving from the central part of America and it was going northeast.
It was going northeast to like the Boston area, and this was a major flight, and it was halfway there and it went down.
I can tell you that's what it looked like.
Now, is that going to be every plane?
And is that just something that the Lord's trying to show us, is what I'm trying to say, or is that the exact flight?
Because sometimes He's just showing me an example of something to pray about and saying, 'Hey, just letting you know the flights.
' Just kind of like people are saying about the boat, and they're trying to figure out, and they have trackers on all the boats.
So, you're sending me the trackers of all the red decks with all the black-bottom boats with the white thing, and they're sending stuff, saying 'we got to track this boat, and this is where it's at.
' Now folks, I'm going to tell you, whenever I saw this boat, it was leaving Africa.
It was leaving that area over there, and it was headed this way.
So, the crew—I've told you all about that.
I don't need to rehearse all that, but it was coming out of the Europe area, Africa, all that area.
That's all I remember—seeing Africa in a distance, and it was coming out of that area.
And number three, about what people wanted to know about the buildings and the electric outages: I saw cyber attacks coming upon our electric grid, that it was very vulnerable.
And I saw it was a major city, and I saw it was New York, and it was completely dark.
And that's whenever I told my son they were trying to bring in generators to keep people from looting and rioting, stealing everything because it was so dark in the city.
And I could remember seeing those big spotlights running on generators, trying to keep sections of the city lit up so that the police and the law enforcement could keep law and order in that area when the electricity was off.
But I remember it was very hot outside.
And I told Braden, I even saw the emergency power on hospitals coming on.
So they were trying to keep people alive in hospitals, but it was a dimmer light; it wasn't as bright as normal, like the hospital all lit up—it was like backup power.
And so, you know, I see these things, but I thought it was interesting in this vision, whenever I was praying and the Lord was showing me that the light was shining on the buildings, trying to cause a mirror effect so that it would glow more instead of just having it shoot straight up in the air.
It was trying to shine on the buildings to cause light down below, like blocking the light from just going straight up is what it would look like in the vision.
So, that's part of what I saw too.
So, you know, I see all these things and the Lord tells us what to pray about.
I believe there's a lot of things that we can stop in prayer, as everybody knows who is a prayer warrior.
Hey, and by the way, whoever sent me these hankies because I was using the Kleenex there, she embroidered my last name on it.
And I thought it was really nice of the sister to do that.
You know, it's too pretty to blow your nose in.
I was like, 'Hey, you know, somebody writes your name on it.
' I don't blow my nose in it, but it's really pretty.
I appreciate it.
You know, that people take the time to do stuff like that.
I don't know if you had a machine do that or whatever, but I thought it was kind of cool.
The other thing: praying over our water supply, praying over because, you know, I've told you about the water supply.
Oh, and then somebody sent me a thing about they found an 80-mile-wide asteroid, and it's by Neptune or something, and they were freaking out about that because Fox News said it was, and they said it was—I don't know if it's coming this way or not, but I'm telling you, I get so much now from people that are into articles, and they send it to Diana and she goes, 'Brandon, I think you should see this.
' And I'm like, 'Wow, I'm getting a lot of cool stuff.
' So, there's an asteroid that is 80 miles wide.
This thing is massive.
I mean, that's a huge piece of ice or rock or whatever it is that's flying around out there.
Then I see an article from Fox News saying that Trump and Bibi have agreed on a two-state solution.
And that was one of the things from the Abraham Accords.
And they were saying how they were wanting to make a two-state solution; they were agreeing upon it.
And I've already told you all: if they do this two-state solution, three days later, the New Madrid fault line will be split in half, and America will be divided in half.
If you want to watch that, that video is down below.
I told you all when this happens, I saw great big Chinook helicopters flying from the west to the central part of America.
They had supplies.
They were trying.
It sounded like the earth was shaking.
They had so many helicopters trying to bring supplies from the west to the central part where the United States was divided.
This is whenever I told you I saw the lion's face and I thought, "What is this lion's face?
" And it was carved into a side of a building and I warned everybody.
I saw tumbleweeds going down Wall Street.
I saw a side of the building and I saw the lion, and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, "Look at the lion on the side of the building.
" But I didn't know what building it was, but it is the New York Stock Exchange.
That's what this building is.
And the Lord warned me about it.
And he told me, "If you divide Jerusalem, if they do a two-state solution and they do this, I'm going to divide America.
" And I saw it split down the middle.
I saw all the bridges that were going from west to east that were completely destroyed on the Mississippi River.
I saw it was the most devastating.
And I saw from Texarkana to Tulsa, Oklahoma, I saw over 1,800 people die.
And the massive building that's at OU was split down the middle.
The big skyscraper look, you know, that big hospital-looking building was split down the middle when this earthquake takes place.
I saw it completely.
Half of the building was broken off at the top and it broke down, and all that was laying on the ground, and I remember it was on fire.
And then I saw all the houses that were built on cinder blocks were completely leveled.
Houses that were on a foundation were better, but the people who had houses on cinder blocks, they completely were gone.
And I saw the New Madrid; there were thousands of people that passed away from this event that takes place.
And that's why I've always told people, we must not divide Jerusalem ever.
For when we do, three days after—I want you to hear me, that's how strong this word was.
He said that the Liberty Bell—I saw the bell ringing.
I saw bells, old cast iron bells ringing when this happens.
Three days after it's divided and it's agreed upon.
We have three days and he'll divide America.
I'm talking straight down the middle.
So, that's one thing you need to know.
We must pray that this does not take place.
It's very, very important.
This is the article saying that they want to make a two-state solution.
And it's on multiple Abraham Accords and all these different things, these peace agreements.
They want to do all this, but it's on multiple news channels.
And even the Jerusalem Post is talking about it.
And I was like, this is not something that we want to be involved in.
Then we saw Judge Torres's decision and I was disappointed in that.
That was another thing that was decided yesterday.
And so, you know, we pray for our judges, folks.
I don't understand, you know, really, I don't have a legal mind like that, you know, and when Diana is reading it to me, I'm like, that's like speaking like another language to me.
So, I'm trying to understand what was decided.
And it said August 15th, like they have to make another decision by August 15th.
And that goes to the second courts or something and that could go clear into 2026.
And I told you all, I said I saw the enemy hovering above the decision-making when it comes to crypto, saying all the, you know, like putting a kink in the hose because he knew exact cryptos that would become a wealth transfer because of all the prophetic words that had been given.
And he was trying to delay the wealth transfer for the body of Christ.
And the Lord said, "You must stand and pray in the gap concerning this because the enemy is trying to put a kink in this and you must stand and pray.
" I warned you all about certain cryptos for car loans and house loans.
There's a major thing decided upon that, and it was an article, and I saw that and I thought that was really interesting.
And that was a word that was given clear back in February, and I was driving around and the Lord spoke to me about certain cryptos in the future that would be created for housing loans and for car loans, and I thought it was interesting.
So then you see that being talked about now, and I was like, "Folks, we're in the last of last days here.
" They're going to a digital platform with a digital currency, with a digital everything in the days ahead, and a new industrial revolution is coming, and people don't realize how close we are to the mark of the beast system.
When RFK started talking about everybody needed to put a tracking device on them in America and put some kind of digital tracking device on them either in their body or on their wrist, I thought, "Does he even realize what he's saying?
Is he a born-again believer?
" Obviously, I don't think—I don't know.
But folks, he said it out of his mouth.
And we're talking about a man that we're like, "Oh, yeah.
He's a great guy.
We want him in there.
" And I'm like, "No, he's talking about putting tracking devices on people's arms.
" And everybody needs to have some kind of digital ID or whatever it was.
And I looked at Diana.
I just, you know, whenever you're seeing things unfold so quickly in front of your face, you're just going, "Hold on a minute.
Just a timeout.
Just hold on.
What?
What did you just say?
Everybody's going to have like a watch on or something for a digital ID or what for?
Hold on.
What?
And or have it in your skin?
" I thought, "Well, there it is.
Well, who's creating it?
" And here our best friend RFK is talking about implementing it.
And they're even saying, "We have a leak.
" Well, I'll be.
"We have a leak.
Somebody leaked this to CNN.
It's in the White House.
We're going to find them and prosecute them.
" I said, "Well, I'll be.
A mole.
Really, I tried to tell everybody there's more than one.
There's three moles.
One is in the Pentagon, but there's more moles.
" So, but the Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, you'll be so thankful.
The American people will be so thankful you have a strong leader behind the helm in the days ahead of your country.
If Kamala Harris would have been here, it would have been very bad.
But you will be so thankful for what's about to happen.
" And most people, when I—I've learned in the circles of people, you have all kinds of different believers.
You have the people that are like, "Hell, fire, and brimstone.
Bring it down, Lord.
Burn them up.
" And then you have the ones going, "Grace, grace, grace.
" And then you have the ones in the middle going, "Well, you know, can we just pray it away?
I'm freaked out.
" And I'm going, "You know, whatever.
" So I talked to everybody.
I'm going to tell you what I feel in my spirit.
Much of this we will not stop in prayer.
The Lord already warned us, but there is a protection for the believer.
There is a protection for the believer, those that will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take their authority and say, "Listen, you're not going to touch us.
" Right?
Until we are removed, and then I'm telling you, full steam ahead, it's going to get crazy up in here.
But the body of Christ is the great restrainer, of the Holy Spirit inside of us.
And most people are like, "Well, what's restraining the antichrist from coming full steam ahead?
" The body of Christ.
We have authority in prayer.
And if we can lay hands on the sick, we could bind the devil.
We could bind up the antichrist, couldn't we?
If we're still here walking and talking and walking in the authority of the believer, people who know their authority would be like, "I take authority over that.
" I just don't understand the concept of everybody saying that we're here for a lot of this stuff.
And we're seeing we're here for more than what we thought we'd be.
And I'll grant you that, with all the things going on right now, but I'm telling you, there's a great harvest of souls.
They had supplies.
They were trying.
It sounded like the earth was shaking.
They had so many helicopters trying to bring supplies from the west to the central part where the United States was divided.
This is whenever I told you I saw the lion's face and I thought, "What is this lion's face?
" And it was carved into a side of a building and I warned everybody.
I saw tumbleweeds going down Wall Street.
I saw a side of the building and I saw the lion, and the Lord spoke to me.
He said, "Look at the lion on the side of the building.
" But I didn't know what building it was, but it is the New York Stock Exchange.
That's what this building is.
And the Lord warned me about it.
And he told me, "If you divide Jerusalem, if they do a two-state solution and they do this, I'm going to divide America.
" And I saw it split down the middle.
I saw all the bridges that were going from west to east that were completely destroyed on the Mississippi River.
I saw it was the most devastating.
And I saw from Texarkana to Tulsa, Oklahoma, I saw over 1,800 people die.
And the massive building that's at OU was split down the middle.
The big skyscraper look, you know, that big hospital-looking building was split down the middle when this earthquake takes place.
I saw it completely.
Half of the building was broken off at the top and it broke down, and all that was laying on the ground, and I remember it was on fire.
And then I saw all the houses that were built on cinder blocks were completely leveled.
Houses that were on a foundation were better, but the people who had houses on cinder blocks, they completely were gone.
And I saw the New Madrid; there were thousands of people that passed away from this event that takes place.
And that's why I've always told people, we must not divide Jerusalem ever.
For when we do, three days after—I want you to hear me, that's how strong this word was.
He said that the Liberty Bell—I saw the bell ringing.
I saw bells, old cast iron bells ringing when this happens.
Three days after it's divided and it's agreed upon.
We have three days and he'll divide America.
I'm talking straight down the middle.
So, that's one thing you need to know.
We must pray that this does not take place.
It's very, very important.
This is the article saying that they want to make a two-state solution.
And it's on multiple Abraham Accords and all these different things, these peace agreements.
They want to do all this, but it's on multiple news channels.
And even the Jerusalem Post is talking about it.
And I was like, this is not something that we want to be involved in.
Then we saw Judge Torres's decision and I was disappointed in that.
That was another thing that was decided yesterday.
And so, you know, we pray for our judges, folks.
I don't understand, you know, really, I don't have a legal mind like that, you know, and when Diana is reading it to me, I'm like, that's like speaking like another language to me.
So, I'm trying to understand what was decided.
And it said August 15th, like they have to make another decision by August 15th.
And that goes to the second courts or something and that could go clear into 2026.
And I told you all, I said I saw the enemy hovering above the decision-making when it comes to crypto, saying all the, you know, like putting a kink in the hose because he knew exact cryptos that would become a wealth transfer because of all the prophetic words that had been given.
And he was trying to delay the wealth transfer for the body of Christ.
And the Lord said, "You must stand and pray in the gap concerning this because the enemy is trying to put a kink in this and you must stand and pray.
" I warned you all about certain cryptos for car loans and house loans.
There's a major thing decided upon that, and it was an article, and I saw that and I thought that was really interesting.
And that was a word that was given clear back in February, and I was driving around and the Lord spoke to me about certain cryptos in the future that would be created for housing loans and for car loans, and I thought it was interesting.
So then you see that being talked about now, and I was like, "Folks, we're in the last of last days here.
" They're going to a digital platform with a digital currency, with a digital everything in the days ahead, and a new industrial revolution is coming, and people don't realize how close we are to the mark of the beast system.
When RFK started talking about everybody needed to put a tracking device on them in America and put some kind of digital tracking device on them either in their body or on their wrist, I thought, "Does he even realize what he's saying?
Is he a born-again believer?
" Obviously, I don't think—I don't know.
But folks, he said it out of his mouth.
And we're talking about a man that we're like, "Oh, yeah.
He's a great guy.
We want him in there.
" And I'm like, "No, he's talking about putting tracking devices on people's arms.
" And everybody needs to have some kind of digital ID or whatever it was.
And I looked at Diana.
I just, you know, whenever you're seeing things unfold so quickly in front of your face, you're just going, "Hold on a minute.
Just a timeout.
Just hold on.
What?
What did you just say?
Everybody's going to have like a watch on or something for a digital ID or what for?
Hold on.
What?
And or have it in your skin?
" I thought, "Well, there it is.
Well, who's creating it?
" And here our best friend RFK is talking about implementing it.
And they're even saying, "We have a leak.
" Well, I'll be.
"We have a leak.
Somebody leaked this to CNN.
It's in the White House.
We're going to find them and prosecute them.
" I said, "Well, I'll be.
A mole.
Really, I tried to tell everybody there's more than one.
There's three moles.
One is in the Pentagon, but there's more moles.
" So, but the Lord said to me, he said, "Brandon, you'll be so thankful.
The American people will be so thankful you have a strong leader behind the helm in the days ahead of your country.
If Kamala Harris would have been here, it would have been very bad.
But you will be so thankful for what's about to happen.
" And most people, when I—I've learned in the circles of people, you have all kinds of different believers.
You have the people that are like, "Hell, fire, and brimstone.
Bring it down, Lord.
Burn them up.
" And then you have the ones going, "Grace, grace, grace.
" And then you have the ones in the middle going, "Well, you know, can we just pray it away?
I'm freaked out.
" And I'm going, "You know, whatever.
" So I talked to everybody.
I'm going to tell you what I feel in my spirit.
Much of this we will not stop in prayer.
The Lord already warned us, but there is a protection for the believer.
There is a protection for the believer, those that will rise up with a backbone like a crowbar and take their authority and say, "Listen, you're not going to touch us.
" Right?
Until we are removed, and then I'm telling you, full steam ahead, it's going to get crazy up in here.
But the body of Christ is the great restrainer, of the Holy Spirit inside of us.
And most people are like, "Well, what's restraining the antichrist from coming full steam ahead?
" The body of Christ.
We have authority in prayer.
And if we can lay hands on the sick, we could bind the devil.
We could bind up the antichrist, couldn't we?
If we're still here walking and talking and walking in the authority of the believer, people who know their authority would be like, "I take authority over that.
" I just don't understand the concept of everybody saying that we're here for a lot of this stuff.
And we're seeing we're here for more than what we thought we'd be.
And I'll grant you that, with all the things going on right now, but I'm telling you, there's a great harvest of souls.
Watch midterms and the great decisions that will be made.
I'm telling you, rising up, I saw, it's like when I saw Oklahoma divided and trying to take it blue.
There's a lot of decisions that are going to be made in the next couple of months to a year.
We have this window.
We have this window of opportunity for this and to the next Shemitah cycle.
Looking into it, there's layers to it.
There's layers in it.
But all of it, as painted as a big picture, like you see the financial turnaround, you see the financial wealth exchange, it looks fun, it looks beautiful, everything's happy, people rejoicing as they have what they've always dreamed of.
But on another level, the higher you go up here, you see more turbulence.
And then you go up here and it's even more different.
But as you look at it from a distance, the whole picture looks different altogether.
All three layers together is what I'm trying to say, and I hope that is not confusing, but it might be to some.
But what I'm trying to look through this lens, what I'm telling you is that the sun is setting on the time.
Sun is setting on time, and most people don't see it.
They get caught up with distractions.
Wealth transfer: 'Oh, you get all new stuff!
You're excited!
' Everybody is, but you're not paying attention to what it's there for.
It's a blessing and you're so excited.
Let's go on vacation!
Which God wants you to have all things richly to enjoy, I get that, but don't lose sight of the mission.
As you see this transition, don't lose sight.
I hear this by the spirit of the Lord right now: don't lose sight of the mission as this new transition comes and unfolds, for many will get distracted.
Don't get distracted.
Stay on course.
But the birthing pains are accelerating.
They're happening at such a rapid pace and you'll see them right in front of your face—a great acceleration of the birthing pains.
A shaking in the earth.
It's like you see the spiritual drought upon the land.
A spiritual drought.
I hear the sound of an abundance of rain.
Take hold.
A rattling of the bones.
A rattling.
I see the final touches of things.
Watch.
I keep hearing it: watch for the Sooners.
You're going to start to see the popcorn popping in the pan, per se.
What I'm going to tell you all today is you'll see the beginning of healings, but it'll be creative miracles and they'll be sporadic.
It's starting to be what you see when the first kernels in a pan are heating up and the popcorn is getting ready to go.
I see those first kernels popping up across the world as we speak right now.
And as we hear about them, you'll say, 'What's going on over there?
' But you'll see these, and they're going to be shock and awe moments.
What is this?
They'll say, but there'll be shock and awe moments.
Even the pastors and the people who are walking in it, that have been believing for it, when they see it start to manifest, it's going to be shock and awe to them.
Let it flow like a river.
Don't control it.
Like you think, 'Well, I've got to bridle this, so I can't let it get out of control because if we do that, then the people get out of control.
' Let it flow.
God is breaking down this dam, and there's going to be a major flow of Him.
I see a flow.
I'm telling you what He said: 'Can these bones live?
' Don't be afraid of what's about to take place, ministers.
Don't be afraid of it.
Embrace it.
Let it go.
You say, 'Well, that's chaos.
' I hear Him say, 'Well, that's chaos.
' Like, you know, 'We have to have order.
We have to have order.
That's chaos, brother.
We've got to bridle this.
' The Lord, I see it like a river that's just going to take you.
You don't control a river.
A mighty rushing river like the Mississippi, you can't control it.
You go, 'Well, we're going to try to control it.
' You ain't going to control that.
It's going to knock you over.
Does that make sense, what I'm trying to tell you?
There's no controlling a rapid river, rapid water.
It's rapids, like the Colorado rapids they go tubing on.
This is rapid water, and if you go out there, it's going to take you over.
Just get on the boat and float down the river.
Enjoy the ride.
Let the river go.
This is the last one that will flow like this.
You hear me?
This is the last river that will flow like this.
Lord, there's people that need encouragement today.
Again, I see they're on the verge of giving up.
They need a fresh cup of water, fresh drinks today.
Fill their cup, Lord.
They lift it up, Lord.
Oh, lean into Him today.
He's bringing in the new wine today.
A new refreshing over their spirit, a new refreshing to get their job done, blowing like wind underneath the wings.
You float.
Just like they let the wind carry you, you're just going to flow like the big eagles up there.
They're just soaring.
They go so high and they soar, and they catch the current and it's carrying them around.
We've got to catch the Holy Ghost current.
There's so much change coming.
I plead the blood over my ears.
I plead the blood over my eyes for what I just saw.
I plead the blood over that.
I saw the plague again.
And I see the rats again.
They're not bats; these are rats.
But these rats have red eyes.
They're the carrier of the disease.
A plague.
I just saw a glimpse of that factory again with the sign of contamination on it, with that caution tape across the doors.
Factories will be shut down.
I see the factory shut down again, and this time it's cold outside.
I see people in big coats.
I see people with things on their head trying to keep their ears warm, but there's no one outside.
Just a couple of people here and there.
There's no one outside.
And this is New York.
It's either Chicago or it's New York.
It's a major city.
It's the Big Apple.
You hear me?
The people don't want to touch the money.
They don't want to touch the money.
I hear people saying they are bringing about a new global economy.
They can't keep going status quo.
This is changing.
Everything's about to change to the beast system.
Just remember this: it's the beginning phases of a new industrial revolution of new technology.
All these things, the foundation is being laid right in front of you and most of you don't even see it.
I'm telling you, a new foundation is being laid right in front of you and you don't even see it.
What's going on in the shadows?
I see submarines going to Cuba.
I see it like whenever it's bobbed up out of the water, you know?
I see that part and it's up out of the water and it's headed towards Cuba and it's on the East Coast.
A submarine, a black submarine.
Well, all of them are black, but this is black-looking.
I'm just telling you what I see.
Yeah, it's Russian.
It's a Russian submarine.
This looks like a big submarine.
I don't know how big these get, but it's a big submarine.
It's big; it's long.
It's like you see all these people, you see all their faces, but they're so distracted with their Monday through Friday.
They're so busy just trying to make money for their family.
That's all they're focused on, just trying to survive, that they don't see what's going on around them right now.
So many people are so distracted just trying to go—the average man.
They're just trying to make it and provide for their families, to go on a vacation, to do things, but they're not looking around because their eyes are down.
Their eyes are down and they're not paying attention to the things that catch their eye every once in a while upon social media or whatever.
They hear glimpses and they'll, you know, 'that bothers me' or whatever, but they're really not.
They're a frog in the pot, and I saw a pot and I saw people, and the water's rising.
The water's getting hot and the temperature is rising around them, but they're so busy being distracted with everything else of what they're just trying to do to make it and make ends meet: food for the table, rent, water, whatever, housing, car payment.
Their eyes are so fixed on the ground, they're not looking out at what's coming on the horizon, they're not looking at what's coming out here because they're so fixed on the task ahead.
I saw so many different people, and they're not seeing.
This is the masses; they're looking down, so busy looking down, and they're not looking up.
I don't know what's the big deal about the submarine yet, but I saw a submarine sailing.
It was coming, you know, in the water.
It was coming from Europe, of course, down across the Atlantic.
And then I saw the rats, and they were on the ground and they were running around.
They were being released.
And this was in Europe; it will first take hold in Europe—the virus.
It will not start in America.
This will start in Europe because these were old-looking cobblestone streets.
This is old, what I saw, these rats running around.
I saw like it's old stuff.
It wasn't like America where everything is here.
It's different.
It was like old villages, like old towns.
This straight, this rock street path was like rock, not like Arkansas rock, but like cobblestone.
It looked like pebbles, but it was bigger, and I just saw rats, and I'm like, 'Why am I seeing the rats?
What are these rats?
' But I know it has to do with the plague again.
It's like what I saw in the labs.
Remember I told you they were practicing on rats?
This is back.
It's like another piece of the puzzle, another piece of the vision that I saw back over a year ago, Braden, seeing the rats.
But it was rats, and they're scurrying around, and these rats look dirty and dingy-looking, but they're black and they're evil in their faces, and they're running around the ground.
And then the Lord said, 'This is Europe again.
Many people are not watching, but they have to get rid of the old system to bring in the new system.
' And I could see paper money that was blue.
There was blue on this paper money.
And I don't know what kind of money that was, but it was blue money.
It had blue on the currency, some kind of blue design.
And people didn't want to touch it because they were afraid of transmitting this virus on money.
Yes.
'It's like that money right there.
It says 20.
What is that?
' 'France.
France.
So, euro.
Euro.
It's the euro.
' 'Watch the euro.
' He said, 'Watch the euro.
' He did say that.
He said it would be one of the first dominoes to fall.
'Watch the euro.
' Remember that?
'Yeah.
' And it's blue.
So, they didn't want to touch the blue money and people were afraid of it.
He said, 'This is going to introduce the system faster, being afraid to touch money.
' It's very creepy.
It's like they have a plan within a plan.
COVID was a trial run.
My goodness, Lord.
The things you show me.
Do you remember the faces on the red that faded out?
Son, do you remember the faces?
He shows me the faces.
As the virus spreads, it spreads like red, and the faces on that country fade.
Remember it.
I'm seeing it bleed into Africa right now.
I'm seeing it bleed in.
I see it spreading throughout all of it.
And I see the Mediterranean.
I see it.
And it's spreading over Africa, spreading down, and it's going all throughout Asia right now.
It's spreading now.
I see India, and it's highlighted.
This is very interesting.
There's not very many people in China, is what they think.
When it goes to China, there's like—you see in populated areas how there are so many people, like in India right now, I see they're like they're stacked on each other like sardines.
But when it comes to China, they're spread out more.
Okay.
So, people, this is the way it is in this vision right now, I see it.
People that are bumping shoulders, they're touching shoulders in this vision, and it's spreading faster.
You see, because they're touching shoulders, but in the areas where there's not as many people touching shoulders, like China is spread out apart, there's not as many people in this vision.
Like, I don't understand this, but they seem to be—they're in white outfits, or whatever this is.
And they have a little thing, and they're there, and I see the women, they have the blacker hair.
They're there, but they're not touching shoulders like it is in India.
And it's going—I see Vietnam.
I see it, Vietnam.
I'm seeing America right now.
I hear the spirit of the Lord say, 'Fear not.
Fear not what you are seeing.
Fear not.
' There's so many voices saying so many different things.
He says there's so many voices saying so many different things.
It hits Australia very hard.
It's the way they're set up.
I see it hitting Queensland and it spreads, but it took a while for it to get down there.
I see all the flights are grounded.
They're down.
There's no flights flying around.
Only for emergency, and there's nobody on them—just a couple of people spread out.
You know what I'm saying?
And they're flying—there's nobody on these planes.
It's like the whole plane is empty, with maybe two or five people on it.
On this one I just saw flying, I saw five people in this plane.
They were so spread out in there and they are covered in masks.
They look like COVID people.
Again, everybody's covered in stuff.
Oh man, the Lord said, 'Pray, pray, pray.
Lessen the effect of this.
Pray, pray, pray, saints.
There's much to pray about.
There's so many things coming all at once.
The birthing pains are on top of each other.
My goodness, all this stuff, all of this.
Like I said, when I'm looking at all of this all at once, it's like, wow, I see it all at once.
Earthquakes, asteroids, plagues, volcanoes, droughts, pestilence, and diverse things—the fish and everything all happening.
It's absolutely overwhelming me.
If you look at it all, I could take a glimpse as it pans out, and I can see Italy and the Vatican right now.
A shaking is coming to the Vatican and the Catholic Church.
And then you have these dark, deep-state people that are plotting and planning.
And I see the towers again, and these people are dark, evil people.
They are up in the northeast.
I see Macron's face again.
Now, I just saw something very wild.
Now, I need you to hear what I'm going to say.
It looks like flying saucers.
This was a big-looking ship that was glowing like gold, and it was hovering with an energy around it.
It looked demonic, and I saw it coming into the Earth's atmosphere to deceive many.
It had big yellow lights all around it, and it was like a flying saucer.
It was like a big circular object coming down, and it looked like yellow electricity, like lightning bolts, was coming off of the yellow lights.
We know there's no such thing as aliens, folks.
I need to make that clear.
This is demonic.
What I just saw, there's going to be an uptick in these kinds of events in the days ahead.
Just remember this: an uptick in events in our skies.
Some will say this is drones, but it's not.
A great deception is coming.
My gosh.
I see one over Europe and Italy around the Vatican.
I'm telling you, I see one of these right over Italy and that whole area, and it's flying around.
It will be on the news, tripping people out with actual glowing lights in the sky.
When is this going to happen?
There is excitement but also fear in the air.
People are saying, 'ET, ET.
' There are weird people trying to put signs out, trying to communicate with this thing.
I see people with poster boards looking at it.
One lady holding up a poster board is heavy with brown hair, probably 250 to 260 pounds.
People will be deceived.
The Lord is trying to say, 'People are going to be deceived by this.
It's demonic, trying to desensitize you for what is coming.
A great deception is coming.
' He said this is not funny; people will fall for this.
The Lord spoke very sternly right then.
They will show up in Mexico.
I see Mexico highlighted.
This is to deceive the people in South America, going down through there and coming up.
It's going to be on the news and in all these places.
People are going to start talking about it.
It will be the talk of everything.
This is not a little thing; I'm seeing a massive, very noticeable thing.
I would say it's a huge device like a plane.
It's demonic.
You need to prepare yourselves to be voices against this, saying this is demonic, not ET.
This is a fallen angel; it's demonic.
They are deceiving people; it's the great deception.
They are preparing your hearts.
Your eyes are on the ground, and the people are not looking; they don't know what's coming.
He said, 'Brandon, don't you remember what I told you?
They'll explain the rapture away.
They're going to explain that this is what happened to the millions of people who disappear when the rapture takes place—that they were all taken by this ET stuff.
' They'll have to have an alibi.
He says it's an alibi of where everybody goes.
All the children, all these people, they were taken by the ET.
This is a great deception that's coming, and they're doing it on purpose.
The prince of the power of the air.
And I see smaller ones in America and Canada.
They are flying around, and they are very bright.
It's like the mothership and little ones.
I see big ones and small ones today, trying to deceive many.
The church needs to take its authority.
You have to tell the people.
Many people, as they hear me saying this, will say, 'Oh, this is way out there.
' I warned you: fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
You've asked me what these sights will be.
I remember that, Lord.
I did.
I asked if it was all asteroids.
He said, 'Fearful sights you will see that will bring you to your knees.
A shaking in the heavens, a shaking with the sun, a shaking with these things to come.
' They'll be manipulating the weather more.
HAARP.
You're going to hear more about the manipulation of the weather.
Superstorms, like flooding in China, abnormal rain, abnormal droughts, and abnormal weather warfare—weather weapons.
They are perfecting weather warfare, but it will get out of control.
In trying to control it, they will lose control: jet streams, superstorms, and exceeding wind that you've never experienced before.
You've already seen rain amounts that you've never experienced before, creating super floods.
There are super floods, super rains, super winds, and super hail.
It will keep increasing and get out of control.
Weather warfare against the people, controlling things, controlling people, controlling areas, manipulation of the weather.
Record snowfall, record drought in some places, and just a little bit down the road, record rain.
And then there's what I've talked about: the seasons changing, the dimming of the light, messing with the animals, their breeding patterns, and the migration patterns of birds.
There is coming a control of beef, a fear to eat beef.
A manipulation of the beef is coming.
There's something wrong with the cows, kind of like a mad cow disease, like another flare-up of something wrong with the beef, trying to manipulate the market, and beef becomes very expensive.
I warned you about the chickens ahead of time, and that happened with the eggs.
Remember all that happened?
There was a shortage, and they were killing all the chickens.
He said there's about to be something with the beef, but it's a bigger deal because cows take a long time to produce compared to chickens.
So this is another thing of control.
He says this is another control.
They'll fan it up to be more than it is.
They're fanning it up.
I see these dark people.
In fact, you know who that dark man is?
That guy, he has had his hand in a lot of stuff because I just saw his face before me.
This is disgusting.
But I see when this happens, more about grasshopper burgers, bug burgers.
I see bug burgers, worm burgers, using bug-like insects as a form of protein.
Trying to push protein burger bugs.
Burgers, like, nasty on buns, trying to push that as an alternative source of protein.
Yeah, that is disgusting.
I see it on a burger and they've got it ground up, like in a ground-up powder, and they make it into some kind of burger patty, like a ground-up, like into flour meal.
Oh, that is just foul, making burger patties out of this flour meal.
Burgers, like crickets.
That is foul, Lord.
The things you show me, I just don't even know what to say about that.
He's warning you.
He said, 'I'm warning you ahead of time.
Be prepared.
Don't be caught off guard.
There's nothing wrong with your cows.
There's nothing wrong with your dairy.
Just remember this: there's a darker plan here.
It's called control—weather manipulation, food manipulation, population control, like controlling the people, financial things.
That's with the infrastructure of the digital.
' He said the very thing, he said it again right there: 'The very thing you embrace, you will push away.
Remember this today.
There's great manipulation on things.
' Elite.
These men are very evil, and they will do great things in the days ahead.
You'll see this.
Wow.
Lord, this day has been impactful.
I appreciate everything you're showing us tonight, Father.
You're so good to us.
You're so worthy, Father.
I don't take it for granted that you'd come and speak to me like this.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Jesus.
He said, 'There's much more to show you in the days ahead.
There's much more to show you.
I'll give more pinpoint, precise, accurate things.
You'll see, to warn my people and bring them to their knees.
' It's time to pray, church.
It's time to pray, church.
He said, 'I'll show you the things to come.
' I see a decrease in fertility rates, a decrease in population and fertility rates, messing with people's fertility.
Dear goodness, my goodness.
These are young people in their 20s and 30s that are not able to get pregnant.
And there's something going on here.
It's like it's spreading widespread in America, a depopulation.
The Lord said, 'Don't touch all that.
' He said, 'Don't touch that.
' He said, 'You've said enough concerning this today.
' That's what he just said.
He said, 'You've said enough today.
' He said one more thing: 'Don't forget the celebrities that will rise up.
I see celebrities that are false, saying, "I got Jesus.
I got Jesus.
" And they'll preach a universal gospel to deceive the many.
' He said, 'Don't forget about the celebrities that will try to rise up and try to say, "I'm all in for Jesus," but then start preaching a universal gospel that all religions are the way to the Father.
' But I tell you the truth, there is no way to the Father except through the Lord Jesus Christ.
You must accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and Savior if you want to go to heaven.
Buddha's not going to get you there.
Muhammad's not going to get you there.
Any other false religion is not going to get you there.
The only way to the Father is the Lord Jesus Christ.
You have to become born again and accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
Unless a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God, and accepting Jesus Christ is the only way.
In fact, I'm going to give an altar call right now, after you hear all of this that I've just told you.
That's a lot.
This night was full of what the Lord had to say.
But I would be missing it right now if I didn't give you the opportunity to make a choice.
You're here.
It's not entertainment.
This is serious.
I'm trying to tell you there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
You have to accept him.
You have to.
You say, 'I don't want to go through all this stuff, Brandon.
You're freaking me out.
' Oh, I'm telling you, that's barely even telling you a little bit of something.
There's much worse that's coming.
Hell for eternity is much worse than what's going on on this earth if you die tonight.
Where will you spend eternity?
If you die tonight, if you go to bed tonight and you lay your head on your pillow and you're there sleeping and you die, and you've never accepted the Lord Jesus Christ, what I'm telling you is a cakewalk.
If you don't have the Lord Jesus Christ and he doesn't know you and he doesn't have your name written in that Lamb's Book of Life, everything is for naught.
You must become born again today.
You must.
You are running out of time.
As I tell you all these things that are coming upon the earth, men's hearts will fail them for fear.
The Bible says, 'Looking after those things that are coming on the earth, for the powers of heaven will be shaken.
' Many things are coming, folks.
And I'm telling you, this is just a little glimpse of something tonight of what the Lord's trying to tell you to warn you because he doesn't want you caught off guard.
But there's many of you here that do not know the Lord Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
There's many of you here tonight that do not know him as Lord and personal Savior.
And tonight's your night.
I want you just to repeat this prayer after me.
And I want you to say it with all your heart because today is your day of salvation.
Today is your day.
Tomorrow night might not come for you.
With all these awful things that I'm seeing coming, tomorrow you may not have another opportunity.
Today's your day of salvation.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me.
Say, 'Lord Jesus, I believe you're the Son of God.
I believe you died on the cross and you rose again on the third day.
I believe you're seated at the Father's right hand making intercession for me.
I'm a sinner, Lord, and I need a Savior.
Write my name in the Lamb's Book of Life.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all the bad things that I've done, all the unrighteousness.
I need you, Lord.
I need you to lead my life.
My life's a mess without you.
I can't do this anymore without you.
Lead me.
Make me new.
Create in me a clean heart.
Today I want to be born again.
Today I accept you, Lord, and I pray you accept me.
' And he does.
He's writing your name right now.
He's writing your name.
Everything is changing in you.
The Bible says if you confess your sins, he is faithful and just to forgive you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness.
Today I'm born again.
Today I'm saved.
It's as simple as that.
Forgive me.
That's all.
I messed up.
Boom.
You're born again today.
Now, what do you do?
You say, 'Brandon, what do I do now?
I just said the sinner's prayer.
' The angels in heaven are rejoicing with you.
We're rejoicing with you.
I want you to comment down below.
Say, 'I just gave my heart to the Lord Jesus Christ today.
Today, I gave my heart.
I'm born again.
' We want to rejoice with you.
We want to be excited for you.
We want to tell you, congratulations.
Please do that in the comment section down below.
Now, find a Bible-believing church.
Go to a church that teaches the word of God.
Come on here, pray with us.
Read your Bible every day.
Pray every day.
Go and tell the pastor at a local Bible-believing church.
You know, you say, 'Brandon, I don't know where to go.
' I don't know what city you live in, but I can give you some suggestions, but I don't know where you live.
You know, so if you email us, you said, "I just got born again watching your broadcast.
I don't know where to go to church.
" I'll try to tell you some churches, maybe if you don't know any, but that's not really my job.
I want you to find one, but I don't want you to be steered by some weird ones, you know?
So, find a Bible-believing church.
Tell them you want to be water-baptized.
Say, "I need to get water-baptized.
" Get water-baptized.
Read your Bible.
If you say, "Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I'm barely making it from paycheck to paycheck.
I got like five bucks in my account.
I don't even have money to buy gas tomorrow.
" Then guess what?
You tell us, "Hey, I got born again and I can't afford a Bible.
" You tell us in the description, there's an email down there.
You can tell us.
Diana and I will buy you a Bible.
We'll send it to you from Amazon to your house.
We'll not solicit you.
We don't want your address for anything else other than just to be a blessing to you to give you a Bible.
You see, because, "I can't afford it.
I've only got five bucks, whatever I've got to live on, and it's too much of a stretch for me to get one.
" We'll buy you a Bible.
It's not the best Bible, but it's a Bible, and it's free.
And I want to love on you, and I want to rejoice with you for your decision today to accept Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
So, we're excited you're here.
Stick around there.
The best is yet to come.
I believe the Lord keeps showing us things because he wants us to not be caught off guard.
So, thank you for joining us today, and we're excited with you.
Please tell us down below if you got born again.
Well, if you're here and you're a consistent prayer person with us, thank you for being here today.
We really are excited that our prayer channel is growing, all to the glory of God.
We give all of the glory to Jesus and tell of his wonderful love.
Well, subscribe!
We're believing for a million subscribers, for a million prayer army, for a million women in prayer army, all for his glory.
And we're excited about it.
We're getting there.
We're growing every single day.
Braden tells me we got another 200 people.
So, we're excited you're here.
So, please keep coming back and praying with us.
I believe the more we are praying together, the more we're seeing things happening.
And with all that I've seen tonight, there's a lot there to pray about.
So, glory to God.
Well, we always close the broadcast by telling you to put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much and we love you.
God bless you and we'll see you again soon.
And thank you for all your kindness to my family.
Well, it really means a lot to us.
Thank you.
Like this kind of stuff, this is a real blessing.
The Little Bigs hanky, you know.
It's really nice.
God bless you all.
We'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.